= Acknowledgement =

We would like to express our heartfelt gratitude to all the individuals who have contributed to the successful completion of our capstone project. Without their guidance, support, and encouragement, this project would not have been possible.

First and foremost, we extend our thanks to our friends and colleagues who have been a constant source of motivation and inspiration throughout our journey. Their unwavering support, insightful feedback, and constructive criticism have helped refine our ideas and produce a project that we are truly proud of.

We would also like to express our deep appreciation to our faculties, our adviser Llwelyn Elcana, and instructor Jogie Vistal, who have generously given their time and expertise to mentor and guide us through the project. Their valuable insights, extensive knowledge, and professional guidance have been invaluable in shaping our project and preparing us for the challenges of the real world.

Finally, we express our heartfelt gratitude to our family members, as well as to the panelists Joseph Seiras and Mohammad Domato, who have contributed to the success of the project. Their feedback and constructive criticism during the project defense have helped us identify areas for improvement and refine our work. We are grateful for their time, effort, and expertise in evaluating the project and for their invaluable contributions to its successful completion.


I would like to acknowledge the following individuals and groups for their invaluable contributions to the completion of this thesis:

My Supervisor(s): I am deeply grateful to my supervisor(s) [Name(s)] for their guidance, expertise, and unwavering support throughout this research endeavor. Their insightful feedback, constructive criticism, and wealth of knowledge have been instrumental in shaping this thesis and pushing me to achieve my best.

My Academic Advisors: I extend my appreciation to my academic advisors [Name(s)] for their valuable insights and recommendations. Their expertise in the field and their dedication to my academic growth have been invaluable in shaping the direction and scope of this research.

Research Participants: I would like to express my sincere gratitude to the individuals who generously participated in this study. Their willingness to share their experiences, insights, and perspectives has enriched the data collection process and provided a solid foundation for analysis and interpretation.

Colleagues and Peers: I am thankful for the support and collaboration I have received from my colleagues and peers. Their intellectual discussions, constructive feedback, and encouragement have played a crucial role in refining my ideas and strengthening the overall quality of this thesis.

Friends and Family: I owe a debt of gratitude to my friends and family for their unwavering belief in me and their constant support throughout this academic journey. Their love, encouragement, and understanding have been my pillars of strength, inspiring me to persevere through challenges and reach the finish line.

Institutional Support: I would like to acknowledge [Name of Institution] for providing the necessary resources, facilities, and academic environment that have nurtured my growth as a researcher and facilitated the completion of this thesis.

Previous Research: This work stands on the shoulders of previous researchers and scholars who have contributed to the body of knowledge in this field. I am grateful for their groundbreaking work, which has provided a solid foundation for my research and has guided my thinking.

Lastly, I would like to acknowledge all the individuals and sources that have provided references, data, or inspiration for this thesis. Your work has been invaluable in shaping the arguments, analysis, and conclusions presented in this document.

While it is impossible to name every person who has contributed to this thesis, please know that your influence and support are deeply appreciated. Thank you all for your invaluable contributions, guidance, and encouragement throughout this research journey.
 - Naim


I would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude to all the individuals who have contributed to the completion of this Capstone Project.

First and foremost, I extend my deepest appreciation to our advisor, Prof. Llewelyn W. Elcana and to our Co-advisor, Prof. Al Annuar H. Asakil. Their unwavering support, guidance, and mentorship have been invaluable throughout this research journey. Their expertise, patience, and commitment to excellence have played a crucial role in shaping this Capstone Project.

I am extremely grateful to the Panelist of our Capstone Project, Prof. Mohammad P. Domato, Prof. Jong C. Seiras and, Prof. Jogie A. Vistal for their insightful feedback, constructive criticism, and valuable suggestions. Their expertise and thorough review of this work have significantly strengthened its academic rigor and quality.

I would like to extend my gratitude to the faculty and staff of College of Information and Computing Sciences for providing a conducive environment for research and learning. Their dedication to education and commitment to academic excellence have been instrumental in my growth as a scholar.

My sincere appreciation goes to my friends and classmates who have been a constant source of support and encouragement throughout this journey. Their camaraderie, intellectual discussions, and shared experiences have enriched my understanding and perspective on the subject matter.

I am deeply indebted to the participants of this study, whose involvement and willingness to share their experiences and insights have been vital to the success of this Project. Their contributions have provided a valuable foundation for analysis and have added depth to the findings.

I would also like to acknowledge the support and encouragement I have received from my family. Their unconditional love, belief in my abilities, and sacrifices have been the driving force behind my academic pursuits. I am truly grateful for their unwavering support.

Lastly, I express my gratitude to all the researchers, scholars, and authors whose works have shaped the theoretical framework and methodology of this Capstone Project. Their contributions to the field have been instrumental in informing and contextualizing this Project.

To all those mentioned above and to countless others who have played a role, directly or indirectly, in the completion of this Capstone Project, I extend my deepest appreciation. Your support, guidance, and contributions have been essential to this achievement.

- Karlo
