= Evaluation Tools =

Evaluation tools in a capstone project are methods used to assess and measure the success of your project. These tools help you to determine whether your capstone project has met its objectives and to evaluate its impact on the intended audience. Some examples of evaluation tools for a capstone project include:

1. Surveys: Surveys can be used to gather feedback from participants or stakeholders about their perceptions of the project and its impact.

2. Focus groups: Focus groups can be used to gather more in-depth feedback from a targeted group of participants or stakeholders.

3. Pre- and post-tests: Pre- and post-tests can be used to measure changes in knowledge, attitudes, or behavior among participants before and after the project.

4. Observation: Observation can be used to assess the quality of project implementation and to identify areas for improvement.

5. Interviews: Interviews can be used to gather more detailed feedback from individual participants or stakeholders about their experiences with the project.

6. Case studies: Case studies can be used to examine the impact of the project on individual participants or stakeholders in depth.

7. Metrics: Metrics can be used to track specific outcomes related to the project, such as the number of people reached, the number of downloads or views, or the amount of time spent engaging with the project.

Using evaluation tools in your capstone project can help you to demonstrate the effectiveness and impact of your work, and to identify areas for improvement or further development. When selecting evaluation tools, it's important to consider the specific goals and objectives of your project, as well as the audience and context in which it will be implemented.

= Section =

In this project, the proponents generally based it's evaluation tool on metrics data which was generated by Locust.


== Metrics ==

=== Request Statistics ===
- Metrics with no Load Balancer
- Metrics with Two Servers In a Load Balancer
- Metrics with Three Servers In a Load Balancer

=== Response Statistics ===
- Metrics with no Load Balancer
- Metrics with Two Servers In a Load Balancer
- Metrics with Three Servers In a Load Balancer

== Observation ==

Conclusion.
